You are a senior game engineer and systems designer.

Project: Tile-based web roguelike (JavaScript).
Engine already exists and must NOT be rewritten from scratch.

CURRENT FEATURES (DO NOT BREAK)
- Grid/tile dungeon with player movement
- Collision system (walls/rocks)
- Enemies with basic AI
- Map rendering + minimap
- UI with buttons: ITEMS, FUSE, STATS, LOG, WAIT, GRAB, MENU
- HP/MP bars
- Inventory system
- Fusion system (same type + tier, costs 50g)
- Gold system
- Basic save/load

Your task:
EXPAND the game into a deeper, addictive roguelike while preserving the core engine.

-----------------------------------
PHASE 1 — DOOM CORRUPTION SYSTEM
-----------------------------------

Add a global system called Doom Corruption.

Rules:
- Corruption increases from player actions:
  +1 WAIT
  +2 GRAB loot
  +3 use consumable
  +5 fusion
  +10 next floor
- Track:
  corruptionValue
  doomLevel (based on thresholds)

Thresholds:
25, 55, 90, 130, 180

At each threshold:
Inject one random modifier (max 3 active).

Modifiers must affect real gameplay variables:

1) Stingy Shops
   - shop prices x1.2

2) Fusion Fever
   - fusion cost x2
   - 25% chance +1 extra tier

3) Bad Vibes
   - healing x0.7

4) Loot Lure
   - drop quality multiplier

5) Explody Enemies
   - enemies explode on death (area damage)

Implement modifier registry system.
Modifiers must dynamically alter existing systems (not hardcoded hacks).

-----------------------------------
PHASE 2 — ROOM TYPES
-----------------------------------

Add procedural special rooms:

1) Shrine Room
   - Choose blessing + curse (always both)

2) Forge Room
   - 1 free fusion
   - +20 corruption

3) Merchant Room
   - Can only buy 1 item

4) Trap Room
   - Trigger trap event
   - Reward chest if survive

5) Boss Room
   - Requires key from elite enemies

Rooms must integrate with current map generator.

-----------------------------------
PHASE 3 — ENEMY GIMMICKS
-----------------------------------

Each enemy type must have one distinct mechanic:

Blob:
  - Splits into 2 smaller blobs

Ghost:
  - Ignores walls every 3 turns

Imp:
  - Steals gold on hit

Turret:
  - Stationary
  - Shoots in straight lines

Crusher:
  - Slow
  - High damage adjacent

Use clean behavior classes or state machines.

-----------------------------------
PHASE 4 — FUSION IMPROVEMENT
-----------------------------------

Add Affix system to items.

When fusion succeeds:
- Assign random affix from pool:

Spiky (thorns)
Vampiric (lifesteal)
Lucky (extra gold)
Toxic (poison)
Holy (heal on kill)
Chaotic (random stat spike)

Affixes must modify combat behavior dynamically.

-----------------------------------
PHASE 5 — META PROGRESSION
-----------------------------------

Add permanent currency: Doom Shards

Earned from:
- Floor milestones
- Boss kill
- High corruption runs

Add Between-Run Upgrade Menu:

Upgrades:
- +1 starting inventory slot
- +10 starting gold
- +1 shop reroll
- Unlock hero kit
- Slight corruption resistance

Meta data must persist across saves.

-----------------------------------
PHASE 6 — QUALITY OF LIFE
-----------------------------------

Add:
- Tap-to-move pathfinding (6 tile max)
- Hold WAIT for repeat
- Auto-grab toggle
- Fog of war
- Scan ability (MP cost reveals nearby tiles)

-----------------------------------
ENGINE REQUIREMENTS
-----------------------------------

Do NOT:
- Rewrite the engine architecture
- Remove existing systems
- Convert to framework

Do:
- Refactor cleanly
- Organize new systems into modules
- Return file-by-file changes
- Include new files clearly labeled
- Ensure no circular dependencies
- Maintain performance

-----------------------------------
DELIVERABLE FORMAT
-----------------------------------

Return:

1) Updated file tree
2) New files (full content)
3) Modified files (full content)
4) Summary of systems added
5) Integration notes

This must be production-quality, extensible, and maintainable.

Think like a lead engineer, not a code generator.