{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Product Structure (Patch-Based System)\par
\par
Since you want selectable patches, we design this like a modular architecture.\par
\par
\f1\u-10178?\u-8719?\f2  \f0 Core System Architecture\par
ResponseOS Core\par
\f3\u9474?\f0\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 01: Instant SMS Response\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 02: Email Confirmation Engine\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 03: Smart Booking Router\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 04: Follow-Up Booster\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 05: No-Show Shield\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 06: Reactivation Engine\par
\f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Patch 07: AI Qualification (Advanced)\par
\par
Each patch is installable.\par
\par
They choose from page.\par
System activates modules.\par
\par
\f1\u-10178?\u-8727?\f2  \f0 What Each Patch Does\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 01 \f2\emdash  Instant SMS Response\par
\par
Sends SMS in <60 seconds\par
\par
Personalized with name + service\par
\par
Includes booking link\par
\par
This is your entry offer.\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 02 \f2\emdash  Email Confirmation Engine\par
\par
Sends branded email\par
\par
Adds to CRM\par
\par
Logs delivery\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 03 \f2\emdash  Smart Booking Router\par
\par
Routes by service type\par
\par
Routes by location\par
\par
Routes by availability\par
\par
Dynamic calendar assignment\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 04 \f2\emdash  Follow-Up Booster\par
\par
Auto follow-up if no booking\par
\par
15min reminder\par
\par
24h nudge\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 05 \f2\emdash  No-Show Shield\par
\par
SMS reminder 24h before\par
\par
SMS reminder 2h before\par
\par
Confirm/reschedule link\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 06 \f2\emdash  Reactivation Engine\par
\par
Targets old leads\par
\par
Sends reactivation campaign\par
\par
Tracks return bookings\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Patch 07 \f2\emdash  AI Qualification (Premium)\par
\par
Detects urgency\par
\par
Detects tone\par
\par
Categorizes lead value\par
\par
Suggests upsell\par
\par
This is later stage.\par
\par
SaaS Installation Flow\par
\par
Client visits:\par
\par
/responseos\par
\par
They see:\par
\par
Core overview\par
\par
ROI examples\par
\par
Patch descriptions\par
\par
Pricing per patch\par
\par
ROI calculator\par
\par
\ldblquote Install Now\rdblquote  button\par
\par
Install flow:\par
\par
Choose patches\par
\par
Connect:\par
\par
Phone number (Twilio)\par
\par
Email\par
\par
Calendar\par
\par
Lead source\par
\par
Activate\par
\par
Test\par
\par
Go live\par
\par
Pricing Structure (Simple)\par
\par
Core (required): $49/mo\par
Patch 01: $79/mo\par
Patch 02: $39/mo\par
Patch 03: $79/mo\par
Patch 04: $59/mo\par
Patch 05: $49/mo\par
Patch 06: $89/mo\par
Patch 07: $149/mo\par
\par
Or bundle:\par
\par
Starter: $129/mo\par
Growth: $249/mo\par
Pro: $399/mo\par
\par
Why This Is Strong For You\par
\par
Because this aligns with:\par
\par
Your agent mindset\par
\par
Your infrastructure thinking\par
\par
Your SaaS long-term vision\par
\par
Northern Step Studio platform evolution\par
\par
And later:\par
\par
ResponseOS becomes:\par
\par
White-label\par
\par
Industry-specific versions\par
\par
AI-powered\par
\par
Full CRM replacement\par
Product Structure (Clean & Scalable)\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8903?\f2  \f0 Product Name\par
\par
Northern Step Studio (NSS) ResponseOS\f2\'99\f0\par
\par
Tagline:\par
\par
The Response Operating System that turns new leads into booked jobs in under 60 seconds.\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-9040?\f2  \f0 PRICING STRUCTURE (Clear + Logical)\par
\f1 1\u-497?\f3\u8419?\f0  Installation (One-Time Setup Fee)\par
\par
This covers:\par
\par
System architecture\par
\par
Integrations\par
\par
Testing\par
\par
Custom messaging\par
\par
Workflow configuration\par
\par
\f5\u-10179?\u-8222?\f2  \f0 Starter Install \f2\emdash  $750\par
\par
Includes:\par
\par
Instant SMS Response\par
\par
Basic booking link integration\par
\par
1 follow-up message\par
\par
Basic dashboard\par
\par
Good for small operators.\par
\par
\f5\u-10179?\u-8223?\f2  \f0 Growth Install \f2\emdash  $1,500\par
\par
Includes:\par
\par
Everything in Starter\par
\par
Smart Booking Router\par
\par
Multi-step follow-up sequence\par
\par
Email confirmation engine\par
\par
No-Show Shield (reminders)\par
\par
Best value tier.\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8908?\f2  \f0 Pro Install \f2\emdash  $3,000\par
\par
Includes:\par
\par
Everything in Growth\par
\par
Advanced routing rules\par
\par
Lead scoring logic\par
\par
Reactivation engine\par
\par
Custom reporting dashboard\par
\par
Custom integrations (CRM, ads, tracking)\par
\par
For serious businesses.\par
\par
\f1 2\u-497?\f3\u8419?\f0  Monthly System Fee (Required)\par
\par
This is SaaS infrastructure fee.\par
\par
Covers:\par
\par
Hosting\par
\par
SMS/email system maintenance\par
\par
Monitoring\par
\par
Bug fixes\par
\par
Basic analytics access\par
\par
Monthly System Subscription:\par
\par
Starter: $97/month\par
Growth: $197/month\par
Pro: $297/month\par
\par
This is recurring revenue for Northern Step Studio (NSS).\par
\par
\f1 3\u-497?\f3\u8419?\f0  Optional Monthly Optimization Service\par
\par
This is NOT required.\par
\par
This is where money really grows.\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8576?\f2  \f0 Optimization & Revenue Scaling Service\par
\par
$300\f2\endash $1,000/month depending on client size.\par
\par
Includes:\par
\par
Conversion rate optimization\par
\par
Follow-up tuning\par
\par
Message A/B testing\par
\par
Reactivation campaigns\par
\par
ROI reporting\par
\par
Strategy calls\par
\par
This becomes your high-margin service layer.\par
\par
\f1\u-10178?\u-8736?\f2  \f0 What They Are Actually Buying\par
\par
Not automation.\par
\par
They are buying:\par
\par
\f2\bullet  Instant response\par
\bullet  Faster booking\par
\bullet  Higher conversion\par
\bullet  Fewer missed leads\par
\bullet  More revenue\par
\par
\f4\u-10180?\u-8233?\f2  \f0 Clean Architecture Model For SaaS\par
\par
Since this is SaaS, structure it like this:\par
\par
Northern Step Studio (NSS)\par
\f3\u9474?\f0\par
\f3\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 NSS ResponseOS\f2\'99\f0\par
\f2       \f3\u9474?\f0\par
\f2       \f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Core Engine\par
\f2       \f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 SMS Module\par
\f2       \f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Booking Module\par
\f2       \f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Follow-Up Engine\par
\f2       \f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Reminder Engine\par
\f2       \f3\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Reactivation Engine\par
\f2       \f3\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 Analytics Layer\par
\par
Each install tier simply unlocks modules.\par
\par
Multi-tenant system.\par
Each client = isolated workspace.\par
\par
\f4\u-10179?\u-8923?\f2  \f0 Your Revenue Example\par
\par
If you close:\par
\par
3 Starter clients:\par
3 \'d7 $750 = $2,250 install\par
3 \'d7 $97 = $291 monthly\par
\par
2 Growth clients:\par
2 \'d7 $1,500 = $3,000 install\par
2 \'d7 $197 = $394 monthly\par
\par
1 Pro client:\par
$3,000 install\par
$297 monthly\par
\par
Total first month:\par
$8,250 install revenue\par
$982 monthly recurring\par
\par
That is real business.\par
\par
Important Positioning\par
\par
On website:\par
\par
Do NOT say:\par
\f2\ldblquote\f0 Choose patches.\f2\rdblquote\f0\par
\par
Say:\par
\par
\f2\ldblquote\f0 Choose your Installation Tier.\f2\rdblquote\f0\par
\par
Inside each tier:\par
Explain included system modules.\par
\par
Cleaner.\par
More premium.\par
Less confusing.\par
}
 